Update README.md (#41)
PrestaShop/dashactivity: README.md

PrestaShop: `1.7.7.0` or later

## How to test
Link to specs : https://docs.prestashop-project.org/functional-documentation/functional-documentation/ux-ui/back-office/improve/modules/product-comments-productcomments

> Link to test scenario : https://build.prestashop-project.org/test-scenarios/scenarios/modules/dashactivity.html

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Link to test scenario: https://build.prestashop-project.org/test-scenarios/scenarios/modules/dashactivity.html
```

> In BO > Modules > Check that the module dashactivity is enabled 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In `BO > Modules`, check that the module dashactivity is enabled.
```

> Check the existing of the specific UI block in the main Prestashop dashboard page are exist.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check if specific UI blocks on the main Prestashop dashboard page exist.
```

> In dashboard page check the existing of Activity overview block

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On dashboard page, check if Activity overview block exists.
```

> Check the different blocks : Online visitors/ Active Shopping Carts /Currently pending /Notifications/Customers & Newsletters /Traffic

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check the different blocks: Online visitors / Active Shopping Carts / Currently pending / Notifications / Customers & Newsletters / Traffic
```
